Update backstage.md (#391)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/backstage/backstage.md

```

Done! after the script completes, you will see the new blueprints in Port, along with entities matching the data you have in your Backstage instance.

## Next Steps

> - Export to GitOps: Once all the entities have been automatically imported to Port, you will likely want to start managing them through specification files in Git. To do this, click on the three-dot icon in the top right corner of the Port UI, then select "Export Data" from the menu, followed by "Export to GitOps." This will download all the specification files to your local machine. You can then push them to your GitOps repository and begin managing them from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Export to GitOps

Once all entities have been imported to Port, you will likely want to start managing them through specification files in Git.

To do this, click on the three-dot icon in the top right corner of the Port UI, then select "Export Data" from the menu, followed by "Export to GitOps." This will download all the specification files to your local machine.

You can then push them to your GitOps repository and begin managing them from there.

To learn more about managing your Port entities using GitOps, refer to the GitHub and Bitbucket GitOps pages.
```

Reviewer: Please check the formatting since I did all of this through the editor without checking the result. In the last sentence, add links for the GitHub and Bitbucket GitOps docs on the words GitHub and Bitbucket
